okay here is magic dance pumpkin from
blip toys it's a remote-controlled puppy
from the pals pets line instead of a
regular remote comes with the ones and
the wands has buttons that are easy to
see or easy to understand for kids so
her tails
yeah the tail does come off it stands
right back on but we honestly just it
comes off for her when she pumps
anything so we leave it on okay well
then let's use the remote I'm not a good
driver and she does come with the little
cuffs word down to one cuff right now
but she does have two and a tail with a
little bow on the tail the top that the
tiara doesn't come off which is nice
because we probably would those that
whoa and she shakes her butt
and you can hear my three-year-old is
very excited about her yeah not so close
with the wand you gotta back up a little
bit let's move her out of the way lots
of different phrases dancing shakes her
little puppy but my three-year-old loves
chasing her around the house and both
her and the wands do take batteries